Fix Peer Sharing issue #4642 (#4644)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network: ouroboros-network-protocols/CHANGELOG.md

* Add a 3673s timeout to chainsync's StIdle state.
* Add a 97s timeout to keepalive's StClient state.

> * Add a test to check that Peer Sharing values after handshake are symmetric
>   relative to the initiator and responder side.
> * Adds cddl specs and tests for `NodeToNodeV_13` and handshake
> 
> * Refactored cddl tests for `PeerSharing` to include versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a test to check that Peer Sharing values after handshake are symmetric
  relative to the initiator and responder side.
* Added cddl specs and tests for `NodeToNodeV_13` and handshake

* Refactored cddl tests for `PeerSharing` to include versioning.
```

* Add a 3673s timeout to chainsync's StIdle state.
* Add a 97s timeout to keepalive's StClient state.

* Added a test to check that Peer Sharing values after handshake are symmetric
  relative to the initiator and responder side.
* Added cddl specs and tests for `NodeToNodeV_13` and handshake

> * Refactored cddl tests for `PeerSharing` to include versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactored cddl tests for `PeerSharing` to take into account versioning.
```
